New NCN Overview Page (#2210)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: background/ncn_networking.md

These interfaces can be observed on a live NCN with the following command.

```bash
ip link
```

#### Device Naming

The underlying naming relies on [BIOSDEVNAME](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/networking_guide/sec-consistent_network_device_naming_using_biosdevname), this helps conform device naming into a smaller
set of possible names. It also helps show us when driver issues occur, if a non-standard BIOSDEVNAME interface appears
then METAL should receive a triage report/bug.

The MAC based `udev` rules set the interfaces during initial boot in iPXE. When a node boots, iPXE will dump
the PCI buses and sort network interfaces into 3 buckets:

* `mgmt`: internal/management network connection
* `sun`: internal/storage network connection
* `hsn`: high-speed connection
* `lan`: external/site-connection

> The source code for the rule generation is in [`metal-ipxe`][1], but for technical information on the PCI configuration/reading please read on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code for the rule generation is in [`metal-ipxe`][1]. Continue reading for technical information on the PCI configuration/reading.
```
